feat(experiment): introduce oci experiment flag for OCI module sources (#6461)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs/src/data/experiments/oci.mdx

---
name: oci
since: "1.1.1"
---

Experimental support for downloading modules from OCI Distribution registries using `oci://` sources.

### `oci` - What it does

OpenTofu 1.10 can download modules from an OCI Distribution registry using an
`oci://` source, but Terragrunt currently fails to resolve the same source in a
`terraform { source = "..." }` block because no getter claims the `oci` scheme.
This experiment reserves the flag for native Terragrunt support of `oci://`
module sources, so a single source string works the same way in both `tofu` and
Terragrunt against registries such as Amazon ECR, GitHub Container Registry,
Azure Container Registry, Google Artifact Registry, and self-hosted or air-gapped
registries.

In its current form (initial registration) the experiment only reserves the

> `oci` experiment name. The flag itself has no behavioral effect yet: there is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oci` experiment name. The experiment has no behavioral effect yet: there is no
```

getter for the `oci` scheme, and `oci://` sources still fail to download.

> Functional behavior will land in subsequent releases behind this flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functional behavior will land in subsequent releases, gated by this experiment.
```
